One small modification in promdens.py and more details in README.md (#10)
PHOTOX/promdens: README.md

# Promoted Density Approach code

> `promdens.py` is a code implementing Promoted Density Approach (PDA) and its version for widnowing (PDAW) freely available to the scientific community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`promdens.py` is a code implementing Promoted Density Approach (PDA) and its version for windowing (PDAW) freely available to the scientific community.
```

The code is constructed as a standalone Python script, requiring only basic Python libraries such as matplotlib or numpy. 
In the future, the authors plan to turn the script into a Python library that can be downloaded via the pip command and integrated to other codes. 

### Necessary python libraries

> The code was developed with `Python 3.9` yet we expect the code to work with any version of `Python3`. Follow the necessary python libraries and version that were used in development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code was tested with Python 3.7 and higher. The necessary python libraries and their version that were used in development:
```
